Add procedure for republishing repo (#2252)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_republishing-repository-metadata.adoc

[id="Republishing_Repository_Metadata_{context}"]
= Republishing Repository Metadata

You can republish repository metadata when a repository distribution does not have the content that should be distributed based on the contents of the repository.

Use this procedure with caution.
{Team} recommends a complete repository sync or publishing a new Content View version to repair broken metadata.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Select the product that includes the repository for which you want to republish metadata.

> . Navigate to the repository where you want to republish metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Repositories* tab, select a repository.
```

> . To republish metadata for the repository, select *Republish Repository Metadata* from the *Select Action* menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To republish metadata for the repository, click *Republish Repository Metadata* from the *Select Action* menu.
```

[id="Republishing_Repository_Metadata_{context}"]
= Republishing Repository Metadata

> Republishing repository metadata is used when a repository distribution does not have the content that should be distributed based on the contents of the repository.

Reviewer: Please reword to "You can use" or similar. This is passive voice.

Author: Changed to `You can republish repository metadata when a repository distribution does not have the content that should be distributed based on the contents of the repository.`

Use this procedure with caution.

> In most cases, {Team} recommends a complete repository sync or publishing a new Content View version.

Reviewer: I am unsure about the wording "in most cases". Do we know specifically _when_ it's a good idea to republish the metadata vs syncing and republishing a CV?

Maybe a generic "Use to repair broken metadata..."?

Author: Going with `{Team} recommends a complete repository sync or publishing a new Content View version to repair broken metadata.`

.Procedure

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Select the product that includes the repository for which you want to republish metadata.
. Navigate to the repository where you want to republish metadata.
. To republish metadata for the repository, select *Republish Repository Metadata* from the *Select Action* menu.
+
[NOTE]
====

> This action is not available for repositories that implement the *Complete Mirroring* policy since the metadata is copied from the repository's upstream source instead of being generated locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is not available for repositories that use the *Complete Mirroring* policy because the metadata is copied verbatim from the upstream source of the repository.
```
